there are good to all those commenting and
from a modern warfare gameplay 3
today I bring you a pretty good game
in a team match and the truth is that
good mate a lot of stuff not us what
I'm going to say because then you cheat me
matte enough to say let 's leave it
the result was how I tell you too much
bulky for what really was the
departure but you will not see that at
principle used everything except m-14
especially a game with the magnum and
let's say I 'm going to use the background
because I come to talk about that as I already
you know all of you who follow me in
twitter the other day on Saturday I was with
Richard Richards indeed Richard
finally but good rose Madrid I was
with him we went to eat and dart is that it was
a pass to all those that I imagine
that you know you have richard was the reason
why I started uploading gameplays
commented was the best person who
sincerely known inside youtube
It was more than two years ago that
that I knew her that I met her flew to the
person is to say that you know him and better
said sorry richard makes more than two
years that I knew him and the truth is that
as I tell you I will never have the
opportunity to meet you shimano knew
a lot of youtube is to all the
world practically everyone who
they live here in spain I knew them but
however , he was the only person without
But the one that I most wanted was
know
so however I had never had
the opportunity as I tell you to know him
and it was really amazing to see that
not only knowing someone with the
that you've been talking about for years because
they are practically two years, that is,
just that but also just catch and
see that through youtube you have not
known someone like you say oysters
not only richard but have
known to a lot of people is to say to
everyone with whom you are day to day people
I will not mention anyone because then
I piss
of some and they 're going to kill me but well
you have seen the source world with which
I make videos all youtube people
all the people that are you is to say
that is all this if it is not through
youtube I would not have known anyone
that is, I would not have known alex for
example someone with whom you can catch
and fit perfectly any day is
say a lot of people that I do not
I had never contacted
levels had the opportunity to meet you
not then all those people that what
better says waste care with the internet and
other man is very clear but it is not
let's say that I personally from my
point of view come on I have to give you the
thanks to internet youtube or as
you want to call him because how good he got
Saturday I was with richard and when
he administered álex and bartolo álex
I knew was the first person that
I really knew him I knew him from before
start on youtube in fact was to use
come start commenting on videos to me
I had said it
richard arrange richards I said alex and
well there we went to comment all
the videos and the truth is that it was a
pass
so far if anyone sees the first
commented gameplay that I have on the channel
that would give me enough to allow I do not know
as richard said yes yes yes we are going to
make us
I told him I'm going to do for both
together and so on and he said yes yes yes no
problem and there was not listening yet nor
not my voice or anything and I said and oysters
well, it starts to comment and I do not know
as he said he did not say today the ine
300 boy, you are not worth for this because
with laughter voice no more anywhere
say it you know but I for example
when I had to start commenting
videos that was made to us came two years ago
practically September is going to
two years ago and the truth is that it has
to comment on the videos or because I had
let's say a game to play that
it was in the morning that is to say I woke up
and you wanted to play you had to wake up what
better at 7 in the morning to play
a game because the rest of the day
I had to be studying I had to
be doing my things effectively and
well, a monkey put me to bed very late
because the truth is that I got bored
quite the television I was taking I was going to
sleep I wake up in the morning
I was studying if I did not have to
study then before going to class because
they could play a game not the only
that moment they had a game to
play a couple of games then
I took and it was when I had my only
moment to comment is to say if I wanted
play or comment any game had
to be in the morning then
obviously when you wake up by the
tomorrow is not that you have the best of your
voices and that was the reason why I
firm do not replace they were like very let's say
that spoke pretty weird let's say
let's leave it that way and the truth is that
I do not know, it was quite strange
after being talking and so much desire
to see someone like for example to
richard that the best will look super
absurd but honestly I do not know
is something is nothing something that yes
it really matters after being like you
I say there is a lot of time talking to
someone who had known lots of
people and especially to the most
special that you know inside youtube
and that's why from the beginning
Many people have asked why you have
you have richard there always a
description all videos
because as I say
I have always been taught since I was little
we know what we think has exceeded but
weird but there's a saying that says it's
of well-born being grateful not
so
It was already richard who put me in
this world everything I've got
it was thanks to him he took and started
encourage me with all this and if it had been
for him I would not be here today so I
of all those things do not forget me or of
nothing either for good or bad
everyone that has helped me all I
agreement perfectly take me well
right now with them but let's say that
As I say, you never have to turn your back
deny anyone or anything
It is in possession of a hand helped give
let's just say that you always have to
take it into account and well that's
practically what I've done with
richard in each and every one of the
videos that I have despite not having
no agreement or anything agreed, that is to say
no water, we put each other
in the description and others not just
It is something that really comes out
inside then when we make videos
together really is when that comes out
you see that there are a lot of very good
relationship we had a great time with
two normal friends and so
nothing simply I hope not to have you
bored I hope you liked the
gameplay and I hope you've seen how
it swells up our weems 6 hair and that's why
he said that the result quite bulky
so I do not expect anything that has served you
that you liked that you vote the video
I like favorite looks of the next